hey everybody
backpacker 48 here say we're going to
test something today that we have never
tried it's this little item right here
this is a coleman solar shower missus
backpacker bought these things thinking
that they'd work pretty nice now you get
these pretty cheap you can get them for
about 6 bucks they weigh 13 ounces and
all it is is just a little bag a little
black bag and supposedly according to
what it says here it can exceed 120
degrees like I say we've never tried it
we're going to give it a try today so
we're going to fill it full of water and
check it out this is what it looks like
unrolled it actually has a looking
little showerhead looking thing on it so
we'll fill it full of water and
apparently you laid in the Sun this side
up so let's fill full of water I had the
option of filling it with the hose now
if we were out in the woods this think
it'd kind of be of a bear to fill full
of water because apparently that's the
only hole you have to fill it with I
would imagine you'd have to wade out
into the pond or whatever and somehow or
another Philip full of water but I have
a hose going so we'll just fill it that
way now this thing is 5 gallons and I
know they make smaller ones because I
saw them at REI the other day so this
must be the luxury model 5 gallons
okay it's a almost 11 o'clock I'm
checking the temperature of it right now
and it is reading 55 degrees and it's
about 65 70 degrees out here so we're
going to check it in another hour we'll
check it at noon and we'll go put it in
the Sun and we'll see if it heats up any
okay guys I think we're going to set it
right here on this bench but it is
pretty heavy because it's five gallons
of water but we'll set it right here
that looks like it's pot it'll be in the
Sun all day and like I say we'll check
it in an hour and see if the temperature
went up okay guys it's been exactly one
hour and I'm starting to get some little
issues going here it distinctly says in
the directions to put clear side up well
here's the problem the cap is on the
black side and it's not a screw on cap
it's a push on cap so now why they
wanted to put the cap on this side beans
this is the side that sits up I don't
know and why they didn't make this a
screw on cap instead of a push on cap
but like I say it's been an hour we'll
check the temperature in it right now
see if it's went up
okay let's see what the temperature is
79 degrees is what it's showing
so it was 55 degrees an hour ago so
let's went up so we'll SMED us in here
for another hour and see what happens
okay guys it's one o'clock and it is at
90 degrees it's also 80 degrees outside
so it's 10 degrees warmer than it is
outside so we'll check it again at 2
o'clock
let that Bob a little bit okay it's 2
o'clock the temperature outside is 83
degrees and right now this thing is
running at 95 degrees so I'm gonna go
hang this thing up in the tree and give
you my final thoughts on this night okay
I got it up in the tree I should say we
got it up in the tree this thing weighs
40 pounds so it takes quite a bit to get
it up in the tree
it does have some flaws this cap is the
big flaw I mean all it is the push on
cap as you can see they want you to put
this side up in the Sun and that puts
the cap downward and it does leak I
don't know why they didn't put the cap
on this side and screw on cap
it does this thing actually works pretty
nice it's a nice little showerhead on it
you just push it in and out why it is
made in China that could have a lot to
do with it
backpacking gear I would never take this
backpacking it would be too hard to fill
it full of water through this little
hole I think each you have to wade out
way out into the lake to do it and if
you're out in the lake trying to fill
this thing up you might as well take a
dip in the lake so on a scale of 1 to 10
I give this thing a 4 it might work nice
and emergency use around the house but
backpacking gear no it's 13 ounces I can
think of 13 ounces of better gear to
take than this but it does work I mean
it did get up to 95 degrees it's nice
and warm
so there you have it guys I am going to
give my dog a little shower she needs a
bath
so we'll try it out on her so hey thanks
for watching
see you on the next one
god
Oh